Synced & Corrected by Dragoniod
(www.addic7ed.com)
Clara!
Hi.
Greg.
- Hi. oh!
- How are you?
Oh. nice to meet you.
Yeah. you too.
Okay?
Yeah. let's go.
So she ends it with
everyone except one guy.
probably as emotionally
immature as she is.
But that's her deal. I mean.
I'm sure they're happy.
just not very evolved.
I mean. not everyone can
process their jealousy
and ownership impulses.
but hey. that is me.
Right. so like a
polyamory kind of deal?
Wow. I barely have time for Amory.
Ethical non-monogamy. yeah.
Hm. right. right and um.
how many partners do you
have at the moment?
- Right now?
- Hm.
None right now. I'm
resetting. I've been busy.
- I'm an entrepreneur.
- Yep. already said that.
- I was in IT. doing my apps.
- Apps. yep.
- Did I say that?
- Yeah. amazing. yeah.
- Hey.
- Hm?
I-I don't have a lot of time.
Same.
- So.
Where do you wanna. where should we?
- It's 8:30 in the morning.
- Well. you said eight
- and I'm fine with that.
- Yeah. for breakfast.
You were quite explicit in your texts.
Oh. shit.
Oh. fuck.
You're the wrong one.
- Must be.
- Ah!
It's okay. I've got to
get to work anyway.
It was. ah.
very nice to meet you. Greg.
That was 10.50.
You're 50 cents short.
- Okay. sorry.
- It's alright.
50 cents.
you want
50 cents. okay.
You know. ah. it's really unattractive.
just for future reference.
- We're not even... Having sex?
- No.
'cause you're not getting
any and you're not going to
by monologuing for half an hour
and ordering like a child.
I can't drink hot beverages.
Well. that's a load
of dairy before sex.
I get heaps of sex.
I'm sure you do. but not today.
Heaps.
♪ I drag a chair over to the window ♪
♪ And I watch what's going on ♪
♪ The garbage truck
tiptoes along the road ♪
♪ Light a candle for the suffering ♪
♪ Send my best wishes with the wind ♪
Oh. shit!
I'm gonna miss the bus. I've
gotta go. I've gotta go.
Hm-mm.
♪ Though well-meaning.
they don't mean a thing ♪
I really have to go.
No. no. no.
- not yet. not yet.
- Yeah?
♪ I might change my sheets today ♪
Hey. stop!
Fuck!
Congratulations. 40 years.
Oh. thank you.
I've only been married for
three. hope we get there.
Okay. so something really special
to. to mark the occasion.
Um. yeah. so my wife. ah.
has specific needs. she-she's.
ah. she's quite immobile.
Great. great. we. ah.
we can do that.
I mean. she's really not terribly well.
I'm hoping. um. a trip
might cheer her up.
Perfect.
Oh yes.
King Island.
Ah.
Senior Love Romantica.
It's a package designed
for senior lovers.
in the off-peak season.
it's all inclusive.
five star luxury. day trips.
spa treatments. massages.
facials. therapeutics. horizon pool.
Music. dancing.
Oh no. no. um. she can't dance.
You don't have to.
You can sit at the bar.
listen to the band.
Plus there's a nurse
on-site in case there's...
Okay. yeah. um. so how much?
Including airfares.
airport transfers. that's...
20K. total.
Ooh!
No. no. that's very good
for the gold package.
Yeah. um.
ah. what other. um-
There's gold. silver or bronze.
Right. how about copper?
Or tin. perhaps?
No. no. there's just the three.
Especially if you want
to spoil your wife.
I mean. she's obviously
had a rough run.
Yeah. um. ah.
what's. what's. what's
the. what's the bronze?
I'll talk you through
the silver. that's 18K.
Ah. bronze. ah. thank you.
I'm really. I'm happy to go straight.
straight to the bronze.
Okay.
Well. ah. you lose the
French champagne.
the helicopter sightseeing.
water aerobics.
The travel insurance
is also not included.
that's the. that's the 15K package.
Okay.
Yep.
Yes. yes. um.
no. that's fine.
Wonderful! You will have
the time of your life.
Okay.
On the bronze package.
Alright. nice deep breaths for us.
You're gonna feel some pressure
on your throat from Sacha.
that's nothing to worry about.
We're gonna take great
care of you. Phillip.
Deep breath. that's it.
And cricoid on. we're asleep probably.
Let's risk it.
- Why not?
- I'm feeling lucky.
I'm done.
You say that every three months.
This is the last time.
Maybe if you gave someone a proper go.
He licked the spoon while
talking about being evolved.
And he didn't get any of my jokes.
Okay. well clearly not him then.
I just want one. one grown up man.
I don't want more random sex.
I'll take it.
It's exhausting. I'm talking
to seven people at once.
I've gotten sick of my own small talk.
I've started using your
stories to mix it up.
- Mine?
- Yeah.
Well. that's not gonna work.
they probably have a lesbian vibe.
Oh. I don't wanna date
children. I wanna have one.
Well. you can have mine anytime.
Not to date. don't date my kids.
The whole thing you've got is over.
What. kids and watching TV?
I mean. they can't all be
polyamorous. Who's got the time?
I don't know. but apparently
if you're single at this age.
it's just weirdos and hook-ups.
Sarah in Maternity just married
the guy she met online.
Have you met him?
No.
Phillip agrees with me.
the men online are shit.
Are they. are they all shit?
Or are you just a little
bit quick to judge?
- Oh. psht!
- Do you remember that guy
that you got rid of.
because he asked you
- if you went to the gym?
- I hate the gym.
- so that was never gonna work.
- Oh yeah. how dare he ask?
He was probably just
making conversation.
- Badly.
- Could've been your soulmate.
I think I'm just gonna do
the sperm donor thing.
Yeah. sure you can.
but I just think you're
gonna meet someone.
- Where?
- Mum. Mummy.
Definitely not here.
I mean. he's a catch.
loves his mum.
Phillip. are you single?
Um. excuse me. um. I beg your pardon.
Ah. you-you wouldn't have a
nice Moselle. would you?
I'm not sure if they're
still popular. or?
Wait there. I'll check.
Okay.
Glen.
Oh.
Judith. hello.
How is she?
Ah. Christine? Oh. um.
good. good. you know. she-
All this on top of the diabetes.
Hm.
And how are you?
- Um.
- It can't be easy.
Oh well. I'm. I'm not the
one in pain. Judith.
Oh. she's still in pain? Chronic?
You know. Merah Singh's husband
had the stomach cancer.
He took his own life.
Depression from the pain apparently.
I mean. he was terminal. but
I was thinking of Christine.
Well. she's. she's not terminal. so-
Oh. no. of course not.
But the pain and the
trauma of the accident.
I mean. you're probably
all still traumatized.
nearly losing her.
Ah. well. we-we didn't.
so no. we're-we're fine.
we're fine. thank you.
I mean. maybe you could. you
know. she'd love a visit.
Oh. we didn't want to intrude.
Yeah. um. or perhaps a phone call.
Yes. I must give her a ring.
Yeah. okay. well. it
was lovely to see you.
I'm sorry. I have to
find the assistant.
- Okay.
- You too.
- B-Bye bye. bye. Judith.
- And I'll pop Christine
on the Prayers for the Needy list.
Oh. thank you. okay. bye bye now.
- I did that for Mr.
- Singh when he suicided
and it gave Merah great comfort.
Okay. bye now. Judith. bye bye.
Where's he gone?
Oh. excuse me!
Found some Moselle.
- Oh dear.
- Oh. sorry. sorry.
Um. yeah. I'll have that
one. ah. thank you.
Take care of yourself. Glen.
Okay. bye bye now.
Bye. Judith.
How did you miss the bus?
Well. it was going when I actually got-
No. how did you not. seriously
for the one ethical law
firm in the country.
you. what. you slept in?
No. I was awake.
- Then how did you... We were...
You know.
Oh. wow!
And I snoozed the alarm and
I lost track of time and I-
- Wow.
- And I was trying to leave.
- but... That's fucked.
No. it doesn't matter. okay?
- I mean. I've got an interview-
- What is wrong with you?
- Taylor McKenzie.
- Does she not know
- how important clerkships are?
- No. it's not her fault.
I know that.
You. what. you just can't
drag yourself away?
No. she's just. no. I can't. okay.
but when I'm there. it's hectic. okay.
I mean. I fucking. I
fucking love her. I just-
Okay. you know what this is. right?
- What?
- Chemicals.
Dopamine and Oxytocin
flooding the brain.
which creates this like
addictive dependence.
Okay. please don't brain
chemistry me. okay?
It's called love.
Okay.
You're so brutal.
You are. or does she not
care that you miss her gigs?
- Hey. I've gotta study. okay?
- We're not all Uni medalists.
Shut up.
Fine. I'm probably gonna hook up
with that waitress tonight anyway. so.
- Aw!
- I would've ignored you.
Bye.
Enjoy the dopamine!
And I had to go to three stores.
I mean. people don't use
fresh spices anymore.
too labor intensive.
Oh! Guess who I saw?
Judith. My God. she's a strange woman.
She was eager to know
just how poorly you were.
She's been very concerned apparently.
I don't know. she's had two
years to give you a call.
Anyway. she's making
sure you're included
in the Prayers for the Needy.
So. very helpful.
Mm.
Mm!
Okay. nearly ready.
You hungry?
Christine?
Chris?
Hm?
You fell asleep.
Oh. oh.
Kids will be here soon.
better get you dressed. eh?
Hm.
- Yeah.
- There you go.
Okay. alright.
You ready. ready? One. two. three.
You okay? I've got you. I've got you.
I just. ah.
I-I think we should
talk about home care.
Come on. don't be silly. I can-
- No. because I'm... I can
manage. I can manage.
- I'm getting too heavy.
- No. you're not.
You're not. you're not.
Which dress do you want?
Oh. ah. I don't know.
What about that one Clara bought you
for Christmas that time?
No. it'll be too tight.
No. it won't.
It's nice and flowy
when it's on. isn't it?
Well. maybe last time I wore
it. but I. I'm too fat now.
Oh come on. don't be ridiculous.
I've been sitting for nearly two years.
I've lost a lot of muscle tone.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
Come on. you're a beautiful woman.
you're just as beautiful as you
were when I first met you.
Oh. rubbish.
Well. shall we try it on anyway?
Okay. now light or dark lippy?
Dark.
Okay. hold still.
No. no. put the dress on first.
Okay. sorry.
Oh.
Alright. pucker up. there
you go and top. ah.
There.
Okay?
Look alright?
Okay. let's get this off. arm up.
And this one. I'll do this one.
Sorry.
There you go.
There you go. alright.
let's get it up the back.
Sorry. it's stuck under you.
Okay.
- Ow. ow!
- Sorry. sorry. hang on.
- You've caught...
Sorry. sweetie. sorry.
Are you trying to suffocate me?
For God's sake!
- I'm stuck. I can't... Sorry. sorry.
- Ow!
- Oh. sorry. sorry. darling.
Oh.
Jesus.
I'm sorry.
It's okay. it's okay.
it's okay. you're okay.
- God!
- You're okay.
You're okay.
Now. let's get this dress on you. hey?
20 minutes late? Why didn't
you just order a car?
'Cause it was surging.
Okay.
Well. they can always reschedule.
I mean. that's pretty unreasonable.
Not unreasonable to expect
him to be on time. Mum.
Normal in a professional setting.
Well. he doesn't need
a lecture from you.
Thanks. love.
Can I have a look?
When's your next interview?
Um. it's a couple of weeks.
- You'll land that one.
- Hm.
Oh. is that a Rumi quote?
- Mm-hm.
- That's. that's beautiful.
Isn't that thoughtful?
Hm.
What's this fork?
The prong's at a 45 degree angle!
How old is this set?
Don't worry. I'll get you another one.
It's um. it's a wedding present.
Oh. maybe time to get new ones?
It's romantic.
It's cutlery.
There you go.
Less stabby. thank you.
And I've got a very special wine here.
Oh no. Dad. mine's the other one.
Ah.
Do you remember this?
- Oh.
- It's the one we had
- at our wedding.
- Oh. no.
I thought maybe we could
have a little toast.
No. I've had a double
dose of pain meds.
- Oh.
- Hm.
Okay. well. I'll save
it for another time.
You have it.
No. no. I don't need to.
I'll try it.
Have a glass.
No. sparkling water will do me.
No. no. no. no. water's fine.
I've got an exam tomorrow. so.
- Open book. though.
- Hm.
That's really refreshing.
It's actually a great
little device you got us.
We should use that more often.
Have the wine.
No. no. no. no. I'm happy with this.
Well. why are you punishing me?
- Pardon?
- Well. you're not the one
on medication. so why won't you drink?
Well. I. I don't need to.
Well. you obviously want it.
why else would you buy it?
I mean. you can celebrate.
Well. we are celebrating.
Yeah. why don't I start the toast?
If I wasn't here. if I'd
died in the accident.
you'd be able to drink. yeah?
- Okay.
- Mum.
do we have to talk about-
Yes. because denial doesn't help.
doesn't help with the pain.
the incontinence. the UTls.
Okay. can we just enjoy
this nice meal Dad's made?
It's okay. it's fine. it's fine.
No.
Drink it.
Right. thank you. I will.
Drink it!
Oh. drink it properly!
Jesus. Mum.
Right.
It's. it's good. slatey.
Ella got a new regular gig.
That's good.
Yeah. she actually got
this cool. new bar
on Rose Street.
Shall we have the main course?
Absolutely.
Hm. I'm not done yet.
Mm!
Yum. Dad. I've been eating
way too much cafeteria food.
Yeah. we haven't seen you for a while.
What have you been up to?
How've you been?
Oh. with work. um. alright.
Haven't maimed anyone.
Dad means have you been seeing someone?
Is that why you haven't been over?
- Ah. no. not really.
- Well. what does that mean?
It means I've been on a few
bad dates. that's all.
Oh. no one good enough?
No. it's not that.
Well. they have all been weirdos.
You're so picky.
I'd rather be picky
than have no standards.
Well. it's time to lower them. I think.
I mean. you're hardly
perfect yourself. Clara.
so I don't know why you
expect other people to be.
I know I'm not. I don't expect-
I mean. you. you.
you are too old to be
mucking around like this.
You won't even be able to have any ki.
if you want kids. you have
to stop all this nonsense
and just find some
reasonable fellow. who-
Okay. thanks. reasonable.
yep. trying to do that.
Well. you know what I
mean. someone decent.
You're not exactly easy
yourself. you know.
- Thank you. Mum.
- Okay.
- let's just change the subject.
- There are other ways
- to have a baby these days.
- There is no perfect partner.
it's work. it's compromise.
it's disappointment.
- Oh. you hear that. Dad?
- Nice. happy anniversary.
- Thank you. darling.
- Your generation
- is so delusional.
- Oh.
Thinking you can have
babies whenever you like.
however you like.
God! I mean. ha. you're like
those stupid celebrities
in complete denial about your age.
Like you're in denial about that dress?
Oh. what?
It's too tight. it looks ridiculous.
It-it-it looks fine.
Can you take me back to bed. please?
Oh. come on!
Chris. you've. you've
hardly touched your food
and we've got a beautiful dessert.
Mum. don't. please.
Yeah. I'm. I'm too tired.
Okay.
Wow.
- Ready? One. two. three.
- Dad. Dad. Dad.
- I can. I can. I can help.
- No. no. no. no.
Would you let him help you?
I've got you. I've got you.
You're on fire tonight.
Me? She's the...
Poor Dad. the thing with
the wine was sociopathic.
She's in pain.
Because she's not doing the rehab.
that she's supposed to be doing. Aaron.
I've seen a lot worse. by the way.
- You're such an arsehole.
- Oh. fuck off.
- Where are you going?
- To study.
Great.
Perfect.
Well. this is nice!
Great family dinner.
Okay. one. two. three.
Okay. okay. you right?
- Okay?
- Yeah.
Thanks.
I'll bring you some sticky date?
No.
Clara's right. I look ridiculous.
Come on. you can have a little slice.
No.
Doctor says the weight's
bad for my mobility. so.
Okay.
You okay?
Yeah.
Comfy?
Thanks. yeah.
Water?
Thanks.
Okay.
You off?
Oh. I cleared the plates. you
want me to do the dishes?
Oh. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.
No. no. you go.
Don't mind Mum. she's just tired.
Yeah.
Thanks for coming.
Yeah. happy anniversary.
Thank you. darling.
You drive safe. yeah?
Happy studying.
For your open book exam.
Oh. get fucked.
Seriously. you need to!
With gastronomic and
artistic treasures.
But now we've come to the
beating heart of the country.
- Rome.
- How exhausting.
It's a 2000-year old metropolis.
where past and present collide.
- It's as unique as-
- Want a cup of tea?
Sure.
- Okay.
- Christ on the cross.
As it is for a food lover.
Today I'm gonna cook you a dish.
that is really steeped in history.
Hello.
Again.
Excuse me.
Oh. um. sorry.
Late dinner?
I'm kidding. although
I used to have that
for dinner all the time.
Until I saw that viral gelatine video.
have you seen that?
Yeah. don't. it's
seriously off-putting.
But you know. I-I was an addict.
so it was useful to be put off.
But I mean. you seem to
have a good relationship
with the-the snakes.
You've. you've dropped some.
I just worry that people put
them back in. you know.
when they drop them.
Anyway.
- Hey. mate.
- Hey. how are you doing?
Good?
Yeah. I'll just get these two.
- Those two?
- Yeah.
There's a two-for-one deal on those.
- You want another one?
- Oh. ah...
Why not? Go nuts.
That's what I say.
Yeah. alright. um.
I'll get another one.
Too easy. that'll be five dollars.
Right. there you go.
Beautiful. have a good one. man.
Yeah. thanks. mate. have a good night.
- You have a good night.
- You too.
- Five dollars.
- Oh.
And 20 cents.
the snakes.
Hi again.
Hi.
I'm not stalking you. um...
Chaperoning.
No. I um. I live just there.
I live there.
Hm.
Actually. could you just
wait there until I'm inside?
Just. just so I know that you're not.
Ugh. ah. yeah. sorry.
go on. I'm kidding.
Okay.
Night!
Yep.
Oh. the tea will be a
bit strong. sorry.
Are they at the Trevi Fountain. Chris?
You asleep?
It's the entire side of a palace!
Christine?
Chris?
Christine. wake up. wake up.
wake up. wake up. wake up.
Chris. wake up.
Aaron. call an ambulance!
Christine? Chris.
Christine!
Chris!
Don't leave me. Chris.
Synced & Corrected by Dragoniod
(www.addic7ed.com)